Fix P-GPS to work with other partitions in external flash (#9860)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Multicell location sample because of the deprecation of the Multicell location library.
    Relevant functionality is available through the :ref:`lib_location` library.

* :ref:`nrf_cloud_mqtt_multi_service` sample:

  * Added:

>     * MCUboot child image files to properly access external flash on newer nRF9160DK versions.
>     * ``overlay_mcuboot_ext_flash.conf`` to enable MCUboot use of external flash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * MCUboot child image files to properly access external flash on newer nRF9160 DK versions.
    * An :file:`overlay_mcuboot_ext_flash.conf` file to enable MCUboot use of external flash.
```

    * GCI search results are now encoded in location requests.
    * The neighbor cell's time difference value is now encoded in location requests.

  * Fixed:

>     * Fixed a bug where the same buffer was incorrectly shared between caching a P-GPS prediction and loading a new one, when external flash was used.
>     * Fixed a bug where external flash only worked if the P-GPS partition was located at address 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * A bug where the same buffer was incorrectly shared between caching a P-GPS prediction and loading a new one, when external flash was used.
    * A bug where external flash only worked if the P-GPS partition was located at address 0.
```
